# Data-Structures-and-Algorithms-proje
                                       Problem description
Suppose that there is an N*N (N is input, received from the user) matrix and a Beetle starts 
from moving in this matrix randomly. The start index (Starti, Startj) of the beetle is 
randomly generated by your program. The beetle will move horizontally, or vertically only 
for one step. When the beetle enters an element, the counter of this element gets 
incremented (by 1). The initial value of this counter is 0. The program finishes when every 
element in the matrix has been visited at least one time. In this phase, the content of matrix 
should be printed similar to an square shape.
After that (once the matrix is created), start reading the integer values inside each element, 
row by row and from left to right and insert each value to an AVL tree. If the tree becomes 
imbalanced, balance it. After each balancing task, the tree should be printed using all three 
traversal algorithms: Inorder, preorder, and postorder algorithms. 
Implementation:
The created matrix should be implemented by using a four-way linked list. In 4-way linked 
list, each node is connected to its top, bottom, left and right nodes. Using array or other 
data structures is not allowed. The node class definition is provided below.
private static class Node {
int element;
Node next;
Node prev;
Node up;
Node down;
public Node(E element) {
this.element = element;
next = prev = up = down = null;
}
}
The schema of the matrix with 4-way linked list is shown below for a 3*3 matrix.
In terms of the tree, each node of the tree has only one integer (key) value.
